[Music]
Hey
Oh my friend Sarah had a great time last
night yeah so you're gonna call this one
back no what are you talking about
Sarah's great oh really
I don't know what your great friend did
we're out to dinner okay we were getting
along having a really nice time I was
thinking she was really cool and then
out of nowhere
[Music]
that's it
that's why you won't go out with her
again so she took some fries big deal
hey look it's not about a few fries it's
about what the fries represent what all
food I'm I'm sorry I I can't believe I
set you up with such a monster hey she
can order whatever she wants the more
the better
all right just don't order a garden
salad and then eat my food that's a good
way to lose some fingers so Joe and my
friend are out last night they're having
dinner and she reaches over and takes a
few of his fries Oh No
you know about that the plate thing oh
yeah yeah no Joey doesn't share food I
mean just just last week we were having
breakfast and he had a couple of grapes
on his plates you wouldn't let her have
a grape oh no not me Emma
Joey doesn't share food I really am
sorry about before and I just want to
make sure you know that I really do like
you sure just not as much as clams well
stuffed clams chocolate torte for the
lady cheesecake for the gentleman excuse
me sir
there seems to be some sort of red crap
on my cheese oh yes that's a raspberry
coulis so stupid ordering cheesecake
trying to be healthy all right I'll just
have what she's having instead oh I'm
sorry sir that was our last piece
oh no this is work I should call him can
you excuse me oh yeah sure
what are you doing I thought you don't
share food surely do coulis if I can't
have your clams you can't have my
dessert this is a two-way street
really really now this all better be
here when I come back yeah of course I
can control myself
[Music]
stop staring at me
Wow just a tiny little
I'm not even sorry
[Applause]
[Music]
turns out this sweater is made for a
woman so why are you still wearing it
because it's soft okay so how was your
date oh not so good well looks like it's
just the two of us tonight help buddy
yeah and you know what we could do a lot
worse Joey doesn't share food
[Applause]